[Music]
for more this is a family business
founded by my father at the beginning of the
70 that we have over 40 years
experience in manufacturing
industrial machinery in our
begin designing and manufacturing
industrial machinery on request
they were usually companies close to
our facilities and little by little we
we were specializing in machinery
for the transformation of iron into
cold
nowadays we have some
installations of more than 8,000 meters
squares where we manufacture entirely
Our range of machinery about 25
different models between folders
entrails tester machines for the
forge and more than 400 accessories that
they complement
[Music]
our secret is perseverance the
work and innovation
or not
my father is the main factor of
success of narcisa is a very man
persevering worker and with a great
vision of the future has inculcated us from
always these values and that has always
been our engine
[Music]
our department over is in
constant evolution in fact every year
We take 23 models of new machines to the
market
[Music]
we are a company very close to the customer
in fact we nurture their ideas and
suggestions for making new models
that adapt to your needs
we export more than 85% of what
We currently manufacture
[Music]
the meadow in argés to we have more than
12,000 machines sold throughout
world
our machinery is strong robust and
simple are machines how they were manufactured
formerly but adapted to
Current needs are modern
reliable and intuitive operation all
the intermediate processes since it enters
the raw material to the final product
they are controlled by our team
technical
[Music]
Three years warranty are our best
presentation letter
[Music]
Narcissa machines are capable of
endure long and hard days
labor with minimal maintenance and
maximum effectiveness
and we make our client feel
backed and safe by our team
[Music]
stop in algesa thanks all
people who in one way or another have
formed part of our development
we value your work today we are
[Music]